Add new info severity (#11606)
ethereum/solidity: docs/security-considerations.rst

Always use the latest version of the compiler to be notified about all recently
introduced warnings.

Messages of type ``info`` issued by the compiler are not dangerous,

> and simply represent things that the compiler thinks might be useful
> to the user.

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
and simply represent extra suggestions and optional information that
the compiler thinks might be useful to the user.
```
